readme.md, before:

# Autoslave

Sorts telegram chats to *TRASH*, *SLOW* and *FAST* Using such criteria as:
- Average number of messages that should appear in chat per hour
- Number of users that should be active in chat within one **DAY**
- Minimal amount of members in chat.
## Usage
* Place your list of chats in `input.txt` file.
* Place your tdata folders into accounts folder.
* Place your settings **IN CORRECT ORDER** into `settings.txt` file.
Each number should be written on a new line.
    - trashBound = 10 by default. If a chat has `trashBound` or less
    messages per hour, it will be determined as `TRASH`
    - slowBound = 50 by default. If chat's messages per one hour is
    between `trashBound` and `slowBound`, the chat will be determined
    as `SLOW`. If this value is bigger than `slowBound`, the chat
    will be determined as `FAST`
    - sendersBound = 10 by default. Reflects minimal amount of users,
    that should be active within 24 hours. If this value is not reached,
    the chat is determined as `TRASH`
    - membersBound = 200 by default. The minimal amount of chat members.
    If this value is not reached, the chat is determined as `TRASH`
    - chatsPerAccount = 70 by default. Represents number of chats that
    should be processed by each account. **Do not make this parameter bigger than 98.**
    In other case your account will probably get FloodWait.
* Launch `main` function
* Enjoy!

Commit message:

Removed membersBound, added ability to chose accuracy, made soft to check only 1 hour instead of 24.

readme.md, after:

# Autoslave

Sorts telegram chats to *TRASH*, *SLOW* and *FAST* Using such criteria as:
- Average number of messages that should appear in chat per hour
- Number of users that should be active in chat within one **DAY**
- Minimal amount of members in chat.
## Usage
* Place your list of chats in `input.txt` file.
* Place your tdata folders into accounts folder.
* Place your settings **IN CORRECT ORDER** into `settings.txt` file.
Each number should be written on a new line.
    - trashBound = 10 by default. If a chat has `trashBound` or less
    messages per hour, it will be determined as `TRASH`
    - slowBound = 50 by default. If chat's messages per one hour is
    between `trashBound` and `slowBound`, the chat will be determined
    as `SLOW`. If this value is bigger than `slowBound`, the chat
    will be determined as `FAST`
    - membersBound = 200 by default. The minimal amount of chat members.
    If this value is not reached, the chat is determined as `TRASH`
    - chatsPerAccount = 70 by default. Represents number of chats that
    should be processed by each account. **Do not make this parameter bigger than 98.**
    In other case your account will probably get FloodWait.
    - accuracyLimit = 300 by default. This parameter specifies the highest amount of
    messages per hour that will be displayed correctly. If chat contains more than
    `accuracyLimit` messages per hour `accuracyLimit` value will be displayed.
* Launch `main` function
* Enjoy!
